# Breach-Protocol-Minigame
## Project Date
Fall 2023
## Description
When the Phantom Liberty expansion for Cyberpunk 2077 came out, it had been approximately three years since I'd last played the game, so when I got back into it I forgot how much fun I loved the breach protocol minigame that happens anytime the player hacks into devices to earn some quick eurodollars or components. The next day at work, I realized, I kind of wanted to recreate a version of the game. The hardest part of this little program was trying to figure out how to get my array of strings working, as the one in the game utilizes two-character strings and vectors outright refused to accept my array insertion. Eventually, I settled on utilizing a normal 2D string array and next came creating the logic, as in-game, the possible choices on the array swap between the current row and current column. Once I got that working, the last thing for me to do was to come up with a way for the program to generate a possible solution for the player to aim for. I started off with a general randomized array of the possible choices, but that would not guarantee that said solution would be in the puzzle array. So instead I realized that I could just use a similar function as the player, but instead for the computer with randomized choices, which ended up working perfectly and I finally was able to finish the project. Future iterations may incorporate other ideas I had, which included using colors on the specific row/column the player is currently occupying and backtracking to create multiple solutions for the player to try to aim for (similarly to the in-game counterpart).
